[DOCS] Adds more details to the frequent items agg documentation (#86661)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/aggregations/bucket/frequent-items-aggregation.asciidoc

|`size` | (integer) The number of top item sets to return. | Optional | `10`
|===

[discrete]
[[frequent-items-fields]]
==== Fields

Supported field types for the analyzed fields are keyword, numeric, ip, date, 

> and array. You can also add runtime fields to your analyzed fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and arrays of these types. You can also add runtime fields to your analyzed fields.
```

If the combined cardinality of the analyzed fields are high, then the 
aggregation might require a significant amount of system resources.

[discrete]
[[frequent-items-minimum-set-size]]
==== Minimum set size

The minimum set size is the minimum number of items the set needs to contain. A 
value of 1 returns the frequency of single items. The higher the minimum set 

> size the less items are returned. For example, the item 

Reviewer 2: "the less" sounds not appropriate, because the agg returns max `size` item sets. I suggest:

Only item sets that contain at least `minimum_set_size` items are returned. For example...
